I'm always amazed when people tell me
they've done everything possible to
scale Google Ads and then I actually
look inside their account and I can see
there's so much opportunity still left
on the table. So, if you want
inspiration on how you could scale
Google Ads, if you're watching this and
you're interested in lead generation
predominantly and you really want to
focus on scaling Google search, then
this video is for you. And I'm going to
share with you 42 ways that you can do
it that we have learned from spending
over $30 million in Google AdSense for
our clients. If you're new to the
channel, I'm Sylvie Perez. I am the
founder of Ad Conversion. We teach 8,000
plus B2B marketers how to master ads and
we manage over $3 million a month in
AdSpin for top B2B SAS brands. So, to
kick us off, we are going to focus on
the basics and then we're going to move
into the more advanced stuff. And by the
basics, what I mean specifically is
we're going to cover seven campaign
themes. These are the triedand-true best
winners that we have personally tested
and others have tested as well. It's
kind of like the industry best practice,
if you will, where we're going to focus
on these seven campaign themes. And then
outside of these seven campaign themes,
we're going to then go into the advanced
section where now that you have a proven
winner, aka proven campaign theme. Now,
I'm going to show you six ways that you
can scale each individual campaign theme
out further. So, if you take seven, you
multiply by six, you get 42. So, that's
42 combinations of how you could
potentially scale your Google search
ads. Okay. The first one is non-brand.
So non-brand campaigns this is the core
bread and butter you know when people
think Google ads they think non-brand
whether they've made the association to
this word or not this is what they're
thinking about and essentially it is
about bidding on generic highintense
solution related keywords so for us we
work in the SAS industry and B2B so you
know we work with SAS all the time so
like most of the examples we use will be
from a SAS perspective but if you're
watching this and you're a small
business you're in e-commerce just
choose the keyword that makes sense for
you. So for us that would look something
like keyword plus platform, keyword plus
solution, keyword plus tools. So for
instance, we launched our new ad
automation software uh recently called
Sammy and it's an ad automation tool. So
for us, if we wanted to bid on Google
search ads using non-brand, we might do
ad automation platform or ad automation
solution or ad automation tools or we
could even get a little bit more
specific because Sammmyy's integrated
with Google, LinkedIn, Meta, and
YouTube. So we could create one campaign
for each type of theme. So I could
create a meta campaign, a LinkedIn
campaign, a Google campaign, a YouTube
campaign, and then I could bid on these
different keywords. So I could have meta
ads automation platform, right? Or a
meta ads automation solution, etc., etc.
You get the point. If you're watching
this and you're a small business, maybe
for you that means something like local
plumbing near me, right? or best
chiropractor near me or, you know,
highest rated X. You know, those
essentially solutionoriented keywords
for you and your business to try to show
up to the top and, you know, make sure
you get in front of the people that
matter. The second one is competitive.
This is all about bidding on your
competitor's brand name and trying to
really just tap into their existing
brand awareness. And what you're really
trying to do is you are just trying to
go on offense, right? If you if you
decide to do competitive bidding, this
is like basically like drawing a stake
in the ground and like telling your
competitors that you acknowledge them
and that you are trying to out compete
them basically because what you're doing
is you're bidding on their specific
brand name and then you are trying to
show up for specific types of search
terms where you could have the
opportunity to potentially take
customers from them and dissuade them to
go with that brand and potentially go
with you. And this actually works which
is remarkable. It doesn't work as well
as non-brand in terms of like a quality
score perspective, but the the quality
of the leads that come from competitive
can usually be pretty good, especially
when you're in a niche category because
the people who are searching for your
competitor, they've already been
educated. They already have so much, you
know, understanding on the problems that
that they're trying to solve and they're
looking for your competitor, which is
also a niche solution. So, you can tap
into that brand awareness the competitor
already built up. So what this looks
like in practice is this would be like
competitor name alternatives, cancel
competitor name, competitor name versus
your name. So for instance, you know,
maybe it would be open AI alternatives
or cancel chat GPT or chat GPT versus
claude, you know, as an instance. So you
could use this as a way to really tap
into your competitor's brand awareness.
The next one is brand campaigns. And
brand campaigns are the exact opposite
of competitive campaigns. So, in
competitive, you're you're playing
offense. In brand, you're playing
defense. So, now what you're doing is
you're the you're doing the reverse.
You're trying to bid on your own brand
name to protect yourself from your
competitors that are bidding against
you. So, this is literally just bidding
on your name or your name reviews or
your name pricing, you know, different
alternatives. So, for us, for example,
that could be ad conversion, ad
conversion reviews or Sammy Sammy
reviews. Uh, you get the gist. The next
one is RLSA. RLSA stands for remarketing
list for search ads. It's basically just
search remarketing. And this is only
bidding on those non-brand keywords, but
only showing up for people that already
been to your website. So, for example,
let's pretend you play in the CRM space.
If you play in the CRM space, you know,
it's really expensive. And if you're
bidding on the keyword CRM platform or
CRM solution or CRM tools, you know, it
can cost like $80 a click, $90 a click.
It's pretty ridiculous. So instead of
just paying for the first touch of that
prospect or that user, meaning they're
going and they're searching CRM platform
and they've never been to your website,
so it's their first touch with you that
we know of. Instead, you only pay that
premium cost per click of CRM platform
or whatever it might be if they've
already been to your website, aka
meaning they found you some way, shape,
or form from other sources of traffic.
This could be a really great way for you
to cut off some costs and also try to
only pay that premium cost per click for
an intent more likely to, you know, I
use intent loosely here, but it's like a
more qualified click, if you will. Now,
the downside with search remarketing is
search volume and audience size. So,
depending on how many people are
visiting your website in addition to the
volume of the keyword, this campaign
theme may or may not make sense for you.
Number five is DSA. This stands for
dynamic search ads. And uh this is all
about letting Google automatically
create ads and bid on keywords based on
the index of your website. So in
practice, what this looks like is you
give Google a URL. It could be your root
domain. So in our case, adconversion.com
or sami.bot. Or you can give them a
specific page if you want to drive a
little bit more intentionality with the
DSA. So I could say, okay, only my
adconversion.com Google Ads courses page
as an example. And then what Google is
going to do is Google is going to
automatically generate ad copy for you.
They're going to automatically find
keywords for you. And this is a really
cool campaign when you're trying to find
new keywords that you may not be
thinking about. And what DSA does is
allows you to just cast a wider net
because you're really leaning into
Google's algorithm. And Google will try
to bid for all the things that they
think is semantically related to the
context of your website. And it could be
really powerful to find keywords that
you may not have considered so you could
see those search terms that are
converting and if they're working well
for you then you could potentially
exclude them from your TSA campaign and
then put them into your non-brand
campaign to make sure you're showing up
for those things more often. The six is
industry campaigns. Industry campaigns
are basically just bidding on the high
intent industry related keyword. This
typically has far less volume but it's
extremely high quality. So for instance,
this would be using our CRM example, CRM
platform for e-commerce, right? Or CRM
platform for agencies. Basically, what
you're doing is you're just adding in
that industry modifier so that you now
have the ability to get a little bit
more specific. However, again, downside
with this is volume. You know, depending
on the the the root keyword that you're
bidding on plus the industry modifier,
you're going to be limiting your reach.
But the way I think about industry is
like if somebody does search that thing,
I want to make sure I show up because
the chances of them converting into a
meeting or an opportunity or to a paid
user if you're productled is going to be
dramatically higher. The seventh type of
campaign theme is content campaigns.
This is something most people don't
really think about with search because
we're all hyper obsessed on the capture
stage and trying to drive meetings and
you know trials and all these things,
but we don't realize that like the 3% of
the market in that capture phase, it's a
blood bath, right? like non-brand,
competitive, all of these types of
campaign themes are really expensive and
depending on how competitive your
industry is, you'll find that out really
fast. So, content campaigns can be
really cool because they allow you to
get in front of people much earlier on
in their user journey. I was about to
say search journey, but it's really user
journey. Search is just what touch
point. And what we're doing here is
we're bidding on relevant educational
related keywords to reach people earlier
on. So now instead of bidding on let's
say for the for the academy instead of
bidding on Google ads course I could bid
on the keyword how to do Google ads or
how to run Google ads or when should you
invest in Google ads these are
contentformational related queries where
if I can get in front of that person
much earlier on drive them to some very
valuable content that positions myself
as a solution now fast forward when
they're in market you know the chances
of them going forward with us are much
higher. This is also great, too, when
you're an earlier website and your SEO
isn't very strong. You could also use
this to support your SEO team and cover
the keywords that they're interested in.
Now that you're clear on these seven
different campaign themes, I want to now
go into six ways you could scale each
theme out individually. So, for example,
let's say you're like, "Wow, I'm really
crushing it with non-brand campaigns."
Right? Let's pretend I've got meta ads
automation that non-brand campaign for
Sammy and it's crushing it. Now I'm
like, "Wow, I want to really maximize
and scale this theme of campaign, this
meta ads automation campaign." Think
about these six ways now of like how you
could take it even further. And I just
want to like quickly touch on here.
Notice how we haven't even gone into how
you can scale each theme out
individually. So if you just think about
your Google ad account, if you're like
most folks, like chances are you've got
some brand, you've got a few non-brand,
and you've got a few competitive, and
that's it. And you haven't even touched
on all of those themes that we talked
about. So, there's so much opportunity
to be had in terms of just scaling
horizontally via the campaign themes.
And now I'm going to show you how to
scale vertically through these different
versions individually. So, the first one
is localization keywords. This is where
you're bidding on the same converting
keyword in a different language. So, for
instance, if I was bidding on the
keyword Google Ads course, now I could
do a Spanish alteration, a German,
French, Italian, you get it. The list
goes on. Each language could be its own
campaign for that proven theme. And now
I'm just trying a localized version of
it. This is really powerful because one,
you could tap into a dramatically lower
cost per click. English is definitely
the most expensive language in terms of
competition. Most people are advertising
in English, so it comes at a premium. On
the downside though is because it's the
most popular and more people often
search it. That also means when you go
to these other languages, you're not
going to have as much volume. but it's
still enough to make make sense and you
can do some research using the keyword
planner to see for yourself. But
basically what you're going to do is
you're going to take that proven keyword
that's working. So if we use my meta ads
automation example now I could do the
same thing but in Spanish and German and
French and Italian etc. So localized
keywords. The second one is
international expansion. This is what we
find ourselves doing a lot when we work
with big brands and they come to us and
they're investing, you know, seven
figures in Google ads and they really
want to make pipeline happen. This is
usually where we're seeing a lot of the
wins. It's not in terms of just, you
know, trying different variations of
non-brand. For the most part, when
you're a mature account, like you've
already figured out your mix of keywords
that work for you. And now it's really
just about like trying to drive as much
juice as possible from the set of
keywords you've already proven. So this
is where international expansion is
really powerful. So now what we could do
is we can bid on the same converting
keywords in a different country or
region. Just opens up a whole other
pocket of users that you were not
serving before. The third is exact
match. So, what we're going to do is
we're going to take that keyword set.
So, we're talking about non-brand. We're
going to first start it as exact match.
And what we want to do is we want Google
to only show up for searches that
closely mean the key the meaning of our
keyword. So, exact match is the most
it's the highest quality of all three
match types. So, if we can't get exact
match to work, the chances of of us
getting phrase match broad match to work
are dramatically lower. So, what we're
doing is we're going to bid on that
non-brand keyword in this example of
exact match, prove it works, and then
we'll move on to phrase match. And in
phrase match, this is now where we get a
little bit looser, a little bit broader,
and now we let Google show up for things
that are similar to our keywords versus
the meaning of our keywords. We build
our negative keyword up list further. We
audit our search terms on a weekly
basis. And then finally, once we have
phrase match working, we can move on to
industry. And industry is also a way of
scaling in addition to a theme. So with
industry now, this is again when we're
bidding on the high intent industry
related versions of our keywords. So for
instance, I've got phrase match working
really well for Google ads course plus
exact match. Now I could even try doing
some industry alternatives to vertically
scale further. So I could say you know
Google ads for SAS, Google ads for B2B,
Google ads for SMB, Google ads for
e-commerce etc. This is all variations
of industry. And then for the sixth one,
we have full discovery. So this is where
we just let Google go crazy. We go broad
match with our keywords and we say,
"Google, show up for whoever you think
is remotely related and Google will let
in the floodgates and uh show up for all
kinds of different things. So with these
six different campaign themes plus those
or those seven campaign themes plus
these six scaling variations, we have a
minimum of 42 campaigns. Now imagine you
have multiple campaigns by campaign
theme, right? We're we're using we're
assuming you have one campaign. Imagine
you have multiple. Like this number will
scale exponentially. So think about
yourself, your Google ad account. And
hopefully this video gives you a light
bulb of like all the things you could be
doing that you potentially haven't done.
So when you decide to move forward from
paid search, you're like, "Okay, we
really have checked all the boxes and
now it's time to try something else."
And we haven't even talked about scaling
outside of paid search which is a whole
other you know massive opportunity for
you in terms of running ads on YouTube
display demand genen which is all part
of the Google ads ecosystem like it is
the biggest ecosystem. So this is all a
world of opportunity to be had inside
your Google ad account. That could
definitely be a post for another day. So
if you'd like me to touch on those types
of things I have a few videos on this
channel already covering those different
types of campaigns. But if you want more
just let me know. I hope this video was
valuable. Be sure to give this video a
thumbs up and really helps us grow as a
small channel. Subscribe so you can be
notified of future videos. And when
you're ready, come check us out here at
adconversion.com. You will get access to
all of our existing courses and future
courses so you can learn things like
Google ads, Reddit ads, LinkedIn ads,
and more. You can sign up for free. Our
vision and mission is to try to build
the go-to place to learn how to run B2B
ads. So, if you love this video, you'll
definitely love our courses. Thanks so
much. I'll see you in the next one.